Plans For Website  
Sam Strader

	For my website, I wanted to create an effective portfolio that showcases all of my skill sets and what I have been learning recently that would be helpful in the Sports Marketing industry. My objective of the website was to do just so and make it easy to see everything I have been doing, like the visual argument I did on Charlotte FC and the video editing I have recently started doing. Sadly, I haven’t quite finished the video I have been editing, but once I finish, I can easily insert it into my website on the page I have made for it. I also wanted to highlight everything I have been doing to set myself apart from others in the Sports Marketing industry and showcase the experience I have been getting in the field, so I made an experience page that highlights everything I have been doing. For the look of the page, I wanted to create a clean and simple look of a website, so it looks professional and gives all of the emphasis on the information on the pages. At first, I thought I wanted the website to have a “sports theme” throughout, but I realized it wouldn’t look very professional and it would take away from the fact that it is a portfolio about myself. To do this, I used simple colors like blue, gray and white that all go well with each other. I made the navigation bar clean and effective by giving it a blue shadow while hovering over each link and using a light gray background for just the header and the navigation bar. For all of the content in the pages, I kept a consistent blue, gray and white throughout so it was simple and clean. This was needed because it allowed the information to be the most important part of the website. This allowed the visual argument and the video (when added in) the area where our eyes go to first. For the experience page, everything was neatly laid out from top to bottom effectively showcasing all the information I felt like was important. 